Okta - Fix issue where trigger get only 1000 users (#772)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: okta/help.md

|okta_key|credential_secret_key|None|True|Okta key|None|None|
|okta_url|string|None|True|Okta Domain e.g. example.okta.com|None|None|

Example input:

> ```

Reviewer: Can We add examples here?

# Version History

> * 3.5.2 - Fix issue where trigger get only 1000 users

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* 3.5.2 - Fix issue where Monitor User Groups trigger would be limited to 1000 users
```
